docs/options.md, before:

# Options

The loader accepts some options to configure.

[[toc]]

## Mode

`options.mode` option requests what you can import from frontmatter markdown data.

This option is added since 2.0.0. So see [Migration Guide](migration) if you are using `1.x`.

```js
import Mode from 'frontmatter-markdown-loader/mode'
```

will provide constats. `Mode.NAME_OF_MODE`.

::: tip Plain string is available
You may not want to import `frontmatter-markdown-loader/mode`. Then you can just give string instead.

- `Mode.HTML` -> `"html"`
- `Mode.BODY` -> `"body"`
- `Mode.META` -> `"meta"`
- `Mode.VUE_COMPONENT` -> `"vue-component"`
- `Mode.VUE_RENDER_FUNCTIONS` -> `"vue-render-functions"`
- `Mode.REACT` -> `"react-component"`
:::

### Default

By default (When we don't specify any `mode` option), `attributes` and `html` are only available.

That's equivalent to:

```js
{
  test: /\.md$/,
  loader: 'frontmatter-markdown-loader',
  options: {
    mode: [Mode.HTML]
  }
}
```

```js
import fm from "something.md"

fm.attributes //=> { subject: "Hello", tags: ["tag1", "tag2"] }
fm.html //=> "<h1>Title</h1>\n<p>message</p>\n"
```

### Raw markdown

`Mode.BODY` gives raw string of Markdown part on frontmatter markdown.

```js
{
  test: /\.md$/,
  loader: 'frontmatter-markdown-loader',
  options: {
    mode: [Mode.BODY]
  }
}
```

```js
import fm from "something.md"

fm.attributes //=> { subject: "Hello", tags: ["tag1", "tag2"] }
fm.html //=> undefined
fm.body //=> "# Title\n\nmessage\n"
```

### Metadata

`Mode.META` shows the metadata of the frontmatter markdown file.

```js
{
  test: /\.md$/,
  loader: 'frontmatter-markdown-loader',
  options: {
    mode: [Mode.META]
  }
}
```

```js
import fm from "something.md"

fm.meta //=> { resourcePath: "/somepath/something.md" }
```

Currently, only `resourcePath` is available which returns [the path for the file in Webpack's context](https://webpack.js.org/api/loaders/#thisresourcepath).

### React component

`Mode.REACT` requests to get function which renders React component.

```js
{
  test: /\.md$/,
  loader: 'frontmatter-markdown-loader',
  options: {
    mode: [Mode.REACT]
  }
}
```

### Vue component

`Mode.VUE_COMPONENT` requests to get the extendable component object of Vue.

```js
{
  test: /\.md$/,
  loader: 'frontmatter-markdown-loader',
  options: {
    mode: [Mode.VUE_COMPONENT]
  }
}
```

```js
import fm from "something.md"

fm.vue.component //=> The object which can be extendable as Vue component which has compiled HTML as the template
```

::: tip How to use in Vue
To see the usage of `fm.vue.component`, see [this page](vue).
:::

### Vue's render functions

`Mode.VUE_RENDER_FUNCTIONS` requests to get functions which are required to build Vue component. The function is having the compiled markdown as template of component.

```js
{
  test: /\.md$/,
  loader: 'frontmatter-markdown-loader',
  options: {
    mode: [Mode.VUE_RENDER_FUNCTIONS]
  }
}
```

```js
import fm from "something.md"

fm.vue.render
fm.vue.staticRenderFns
```

::: tip How to use in Vue
To see the usage of `fm.vue.component`, see [this page](vue).
:::

```js
import fm from "something.md"

fm.react //=> The function which is renderable as React component which has compiled markdown as template
```

::: tip How to use in React
To see the usage of `fm.react`, see [this page](react).
:::

## Markdown compilation

### Configure markdown-it

By default, the loader compiles markdown with [markdown-it](https://github.com/markdown-it/markdown-it) package. `markdownIt` option accepts the configuration to overwrite the default.

```js
{
  test: /\.md$/,
  loader: 'frontmatter-markdown-loader',
  options: {
    markdownIt: {
      html: true,
      linkify: true,
      breaks: true
    }
  }
}
```

[Refer markdown-it document for the further about the configuration](https://github.com/markdown-it/markdown-it#init-with-presets-and-options).

If `markdownIt` option isn't given, the loader uses `markdown-it` with just `{ html: true}` as default. (If enabled `Mode.REACT`, `{ html: true, xhtmlOut: true }`)

`markdonIt` option also accepts the instance of a markdown-it rederer (with [plugins](https://www.npmjs.com/search?q=keywords:markdown-it-plugin), for instance):

```js
const markdownIt = require('markdown-it');
const markdownItPrism = require('markdown-it-prism');
{
  test: /\.md$/,
  loader: 'frontmatter-markdown-loader',
  options: {
    markdownIt: markdownIt({ html: true }).use(markdownItPrism)
  }
}
```

### Custom compiler

To provide the custom compilation logic, `markdown` option accepts the callback function which takes the string of the markdown source for its argument. And expects the function returns compiled HTML.

```js
{
  test: /\.md$/,
  loader: 'frontmatter-markdown-loader',
  options: {
    markdown: (body) => {
      return compileWithCustomCompiler(body)
    }
  }
}
```

## Vue Compilation

### Class name for root `div` element

`vue.root` option configures the class name of the root `div` element on Vue component's template.

```js
{
  test: /\.md$/,
  loader: 'frontmatter-markdown-loader',
  options: {
    vue: {
      root: 'dynamicContent'
    }
  }
}
```

By this configuration, the HTML in the below will be rendered by the Vue component.

```js
<div class="dynamicContent">
  <h1>Title</h1>
  <p>Main sentences</p>
</div>
```

Default is `frontmatter-markdown`.

### Assets transformation

`vue.transformAssetUrls` configures assets handling on HTML which expects an key-value pair with element's name for key, an attribute names as array for value.

Thus, `{ img: ['src', 'data-src'] }` means, `img` tag's `src` attribute and `data-src` attribute.

Matched attributes are replaced with `require(originalValue)` on Vue template compilation. So, Webpack treats them as other resources. Typically, `file-loader`, `url-loader` gives Base 64 string, another path with asset's id. [Vue CLI App](https://cli.vuejs.org/guide/html-and-static-assets.html#static-assets-handling) and [Nuxt.js](https://nuxtjs.org/guide/assets#webpack) works with this behavior harmonically.

Default is `true` which means:

```js
{
  audio: 'src',
  video: ['src', 'poster'],
  source: 'src',
  img: 'src',
  image: ['xlink:href', 'href'],
  use: ['xlink:href', 'href']
}
```

::: warning Depends on the version of @vue/component-compiler-utils
`audio: 'src'` is added after `@vue/component-compiler-utils@v3.1.0`
:::

This option will be merged with the default.

```js
{
  test: /\.md$/,
  loader: 'frontmatter-markdown-loader',
  options: {
    vue: {
      transformAssetUrls: {
        img: ['src', 'data-src']
      }
    }
  }
}
```

So, the configuration becomes eventually:

```diff
{
  audio: 'src',
  video: ['src', 'poster'],
  source: 'src',
- img: 'src',
+ img: ['src', 'data-src']
  image: ['xlink:href', 'href'],
  use: ['xlink:href', 'href']
}
```

To disable all completely, just give `false`.

Commit message:

Add link for the detail of REACT mode

docs/options.md, after:

# Options

The loader accepts some options to configure.

[[toc]]

## Mode

`options.mode` option requests what you can import from frontmatter markdown data.

This option is added since 2.0.0. So see [Migration Guide](migration) if you are using `1.x`.

```js
import Mode from 'frontmatter-markdown-loader/mode'
```

will provide constats. `Mode.NAME_OF_MODE`.

::: tip Plain string is available
You may not want to import `frontmatter-markdown-loader/mode`. Then you can just give string instead.

- `Mode.HTML` -> `"html"`
- `Mode.BODY` -> `"body"`
- `Mode.META` -> `"meta"`
- `Mode.VUE_COMPONENT` -> `"vue-component"`
- `Mode.VUE_RENDER_FUNCTIONS` -> `"vue-render-functions"`
- `Mode.REACT` -> `"react-component"`
:::

### Default

By default (When we don't specify any `mode` option), `attributes` and `html` are only available.

That's equivalent to:

```js
{
  test: /\.md$/,
  loader: 'frontmatter-markdown-loader',
  options: {
    mode: [Mode.HTML]
  }
}
```

```js
import fm from "something.md"

fm.attributes //=> { subject: "Hello", tags: ["tag1", "tag2"] }
fm.html //=> "<h1>Title</h1>\n<p>message</p>\n"
```

### Raw markdown

`Mode.BODY` gives raw string of Markdown part on frontmatter markdown.

```js
{
  test: /\.md$/,
  loader: 'frontmatter-markdown-loader',
  options: {
    mode: [Mode.BODY]
  }
}
```

```js
import fm from "something.md"

fm.attributes //=> { subject: "Hello", tags: ["tag1", "tag2"] }
fm.html //=> undefined
fm.body //=> "# Title\n\nmessage\n"
```

### Metadata

`Mode.META` shows the metadata of the frontmatter markdown file.

```js
{
  test: /\.md$/,
  loader: 'frontmatter-markdown-loader',
  options: {
    mode: [Mode.META]
  }
}
```

```js
import fm from "something.md"

fm.meta //=> { resourcePath: "/somepath/something.md" }
```

Currently, only `resourcePath` is available which returns [the path for the file in Webpack's context](https://webpack.js.org/api/loaders/#thisresourcepath).

### React component

`Mode.REACT` requests to get function which renders React component.

```js
{
  test: /\.md$/,
  loader: 'frontmatter-markdown-loader',
  options: {
    mode: [Mode.REACT]
  }
}
```

::: tip How to use in React
To see the usage of `fm.react`, see [this page](react).
:::

### Vue component

`Mode.VUE_COMPONENT` requests to get the extendable component object of Vue.

```js
{
  test: /\.md$/,
  loader: 'frontmatter-markdown-loader',
  options: {
    mode: [Mode.VUE_COMPONENT]
  }
}
```

```js
import fm from "something.md"

fm.vue.component //=> The object which can be extendable as Vue component which has compiled HTML as the template
```

::: tip How to use in Vue
To see the usage of `fm.vue.component`, see [this page](vue).
:::

### Vue's render functions

`Mode.VUE_RENDER_FUNCTIONS` requests to get functions which are required to build Vue component. The function is having the compiled markdown as template of component.

```js
{
  test: /\.md$/,
  loader: 'frontmatter-markdown-loader',
  options: {
    mode: [Mode.VUE_RENDER_FUNCTIONS]
  }
}
```

```js
import fm from "something.md"

fm.vue.render
fm.vue.staticRenderFns
```

::: tip How to use in Vue
To see the usage of `fm.vue.component`, see [this page](vue).
:::

```js
import fm from "something.md"

fm.react //=> The function which is renderable as React component which has compiled markdown as template
```

::: tip How to use in React
To see the usage of `fm.react`, see [this page](react).
:::

## Markdown compilation

### Configure markdown-it

By default, the loader compiles markdown with [markdown-it](https://github.com/markdown-it/markdown-it) package. `markdownIt` option accepts the configuration to overwrite the default.

```js
{
  test: /\.md$/,
  loader: 'frontmatter-markdown-loader',
  options: {
    markdownIt: {
      html: true,
      linkify: true,
      breaks: true
    }
  }
}
```

[Refer markdown-it document for the further about the configuration](https://github.com/markdown-it/markdown-it#init-with-presets-and-options).

If `markdownIt` option isn't given, the loader uses `markdown-it` with just `{ html: true}` as default. (If enabled `Mode.REACT`, `{ html: true, xhtmlOut: true }`)

`markdonIt` option also accepts the instance of a markdown-it rederer (with [plugins](https://www.npmjs.com/search?q=keywords:markdown-it-plugin), for instance):

```js
const markdownIt = require('markdown-it');
const markdownItPrism = require('markdown-it-prism');
{
  test: /\.md$/,
  loader: 'frontmatter-markdown-loader',
  options: {
    markdownIt: markdownIt({ html: true }).use(markdownItPrism)
  }
}
```

### Custom compiler

To provide the custom compilation logic, `markdown` option accepts the callback function which takes the string of the markdown source for its argument. And expects the function returns compiled HTML.

```js
{
  test: /\.md$/,
  loader: 'frontmatter-markdown-loader',
  options: {
    markdown: (body) => {
      return compileWithCustomCompiler(body)
    }
  }
}
```

## Vue Compilation

### Class name for root `div` element

`vue.root` option configures the class name of the root `div` element on Vue component's template.

```js
{
  test: /\.md$/,
  loader: 'frontmatter-markdown-loader',
  options: {
    vue: {
      root: 'dynamicContent'
    }
  }
}
```

By this configuration, the HTML in the below will be rendered by the Vue component.

```js
<div class="dynamicContent">
  <h1>Title</h1>
  <p>Main sentences</p>
</div>
```

Default is `frontmatter-markdown`.

### Assets transformation

`vue.transformAssetUrls` configures assets handling on HTML which expects an key-value pair with element's name for key, an attribute names as array for value.

Thus, `{ img: ['src', 'data-src'] }` means, `img` tag's `src` attribute and `data-src` attribute.

Matched attributes are replaced with `require(originalValue)` on Vue template compilation. So, Webpack treats them as other resources. Typically, `file-loader`, `url-loader` gives Base 64 string, another path with asset's id. [Vue CLI App](https://cli.vuejs.org/guide/html-and-static-assets.html#static-assets-handling) and [Nuxt.js](https://nuxtjs.org/guide/assets#webpack) works with this behavior harmonically.

Default is `true` which means:

```js
{
  audio: 'src',
  video: ['src', 'poster'],
  source: 'src',
  img: 'src',
  image: ['xlink:href', 'href'],
  use: ['xlink:href', 'href']
}
```

::: warning Depends on the version of @vue/component-compiler-utils
`audio: 'src'` is added after `@vue/component-compiler-utils@v3.1.0`
:::

This option will be merged with the default.

```js
{
  test: /\.md$/,
  loader: 'frontmatter-markdown-loader',
  options: {
    vue: {
      transformAssetUrls: {
        img: ['src', 'data-src']
      }
    }
  }
}
```

So, the configuration becomes eventually:

```diff
{
  audio: 'src',
  video: ['src', 'poster'],
  source: 'src',
- img: 'src',
+ img: ['src', 'data-src']
  image: ['xlink:href', 'href'],
  use: ['xlink:href', 'href']
}
```

To disable all completely, just give `false`.
